Ma'am, I'm going to fire him.
So as not to get dirty.
Ah.
Excuse me.
I didn't know it was the last time.
If you want to blame your father.
Don't blame Chau Du Nuong and Tuan Tuan
I didn t mention those two girls in front of my daughter.
I know you and I
I just want to visit An An.
See An An basically does not know An An An is allergic to sweets.
You don't know.
Can't even grapes be eaten?
How do you know?
I was busy with my mother at the time.
I'll send someone to find you.
Remember what you said?
He told me to find another doctor.
Deputy Hoai An
Ann was always the one you ignored.
So now it's a little pretense.
Safe.
Mom came to visit you.
I brought you your favorite cheese.
Come see me in my dreams
Okay?
Excuse me.
These are the things the Army chooses, the things he likes to eat.
I thought children.
They will all like Pho Hoai An.
You can remember all the Army's favorites.
But even an allergy doesn't know.
He is not fit to be the father of An An.
Honey, don't come with me, okay?
Can you let me stay a little longer?
No need.
You go see the Army.
Sister, I'm sorry.
It's all my brother's fault.
If you really feel sorry...
Disappear now.
Don't show up in front of him anymore.
Tuan Hien
Why are you here?
Don't leave me young.
I'm young and dying.
What's wrong with your mother?
I told them to go back to the sea immediately.
Miss, is this girl too much?
These two girls don't know what the hell they're doing.
Don't call me later.
I'll be reasonable with him right away.
Spring Dao packing furniture
Let's take a look.